# Hangman-NEW
This program allows a user to play Hangman. The main method creates a PhraseBank from a given text file, in this case text files of movie titles and sports teams were provided along with the PhraseBank class since this was an assignment for my introduction to programming course. The program will keep playing Hangman for a given topic until the file has no more phrases or the user chooses to stop. The main method creates a Scanner and PhraseBank objects. The PhraseBank object is used to pick a secret phrase from a list of phrase/words in a file. The PhraseBank class has two methods I used, getTopic() which returns a String that is the topic for the phrases in the file and getNextPhrase() which returns a String that is the next secret phrase for the game. Each secret phrase contains only upper case letters and underscore characters in place of spaces. When starting a round for a given phrase, a masked version of the phrase is created where letters are asterisks and spaces are underscores. The program will loop until the phrase is solved or the user runs out of guesses. The program displays the current masked phrase and the letters that haven’t been guessed yet, then asks the user to guess another letter. The program verifies that each guess is valid (if the input is a letter and a letter that hasn’t already been guessed), and if not the program continues to ask for a new guess until a valid guess is entered. The program then checks to see if the guess is in the phrase. If the guess is in the phrase, the masked phrase is updated, replacing the asterisk at the given positions with the guess letter (all instances of the letter will be replaced). If not, the number of wrong guesses is incremented. In both cases, the guessed letter is taken out of the string of not-guessed letters, the masked phrase and the number of wrong guesses are displayed and the program checks to see if the phrase has been solved. The phrase has been solved when there are no more asterisks in the masked phrase. When the loop stops, because the phrase has been solved or the user has run out of guesses, the program displays a message indicating if the user won or lost this round as well as the unmasked phrase. After the current game is completed the program will ask the user if they want to play again. As long as the user responds that they want to play again and another phrase exists, the program continues.
